Know that authentication has been done on the Cirus site it's time to implement authentication logic
instead our angular application as well.
Before we get started let's talk about an important concept browser loco storage before hishe team.
Application that had to be stored in cookies and they include it inside every request.
Now with browser local storage Web sites can start data on the browser itself and only the web site
that has started data has the ability to retrieve data.
For example Facebook can access data and it's been stopped by Google instead of the way there's two
local markets.
They need to know about which are said item and get item set item.
So it's a key a string and get item reproofs an item using the string provided examples of use of local
storage are storing the users locked in for authentication storing they use a shopping information etc.
etc..
In the next video you'll be creating the registration page.